---
title: "2022 Data"
date: 2022-08-08T20:27:23-07:00
draft: false
url: "2022"
---

[Jump to the data](/2022/#government-of-canada-it-projects-over-1-million-as-of-april-25-2022)

This data was collected in response to a written question in the House of Commons from April 25, 2022. The question read:

> **Q-505² — April 25, 2022 — Mr. Lake (Edmonton—Wetaskiwin)**
> 
> With regard to ongoing or planned government IT projects with a budget over $1 million: what are the details of each project, including the (i) project description and summary, (ii) total budget, (iii) estimated completion date?

Government of Canada departments and agencies were required to provide a list of all existing or planned government IT projects over $1 million, as of April 25, 2022.

These responses were collected in sessional paper [8530-441-13-505-b](https://large-government-of-canada-it-projects.github.io/pdf/8530-441-13-505-b.pdf). Sessional papers are public information; they can be requested by [emailing the Library of Parliament](mailto:info@parl.gc.ca).

For each project, the data includes:

*   Description
*   Total cost
*   Estimated completion date

Total cost may include any of following: departmental employee salaries and Employee Benefit Plan costs, external contractor or consulting costs, hardware or software licensing costs, Public Services and Procurement Canada accommodation costs, and Shared Services Canada computing costs.

For a number of entries, a completion date was not provided, and for several planned projects, the total cost was not yet determined.

Project start dates were not provided, which prevents determining the total duration of the project or the average per-year costs.

Overall, there were **495** existing or planned IT projects over $1M, **147** projects over $10M, and **10** projects over $100M. You can click on the project names below to see additional project details.

### Government of Canada IT projects over $1 million, as of April 25, 2022

<p>Self-reported by departments. <a href="/csv/gc-it-projects-2022.csv" target="_blank">Download this data in CSV format</a>.</p>

<table id="main-data-table" class="table table-striped table-bordered projects-data-table" style="width:100%" data-order-column="2">
  <thead>
      <tr>
          <th>Department</th>
          <th>Project name</th>
          <th>Total cost</th>
          <th>Estimated completion date</th>
          <th>Years remaining as of April 2022</th>
      </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    
{{< tabledata_2022 >}}

  </tbody>
  <tfoot>
      <tr>
        <th>Department</th>
        <th>Description</th>
        <th>Total cost</th>
        <th>Estimated completion date</th>
        <th>Years remaining</th>
      </tr>
  </tfoot>
</table>
